Update insert-functions.md (#5733)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/functions/insert-functions.md

The default source code template includes handlers for all event types. You don't need to implement all of them - just use the ones you need, and skip the ones you don't.

> info ""

> > Removing the handler for a specific event type results in blocking the events of that type from arriving at their destination. In case an event type should remain as it is,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Removing the handler for a specific event type results in blocking the events of that type from arriving at their destination. To keep an event type as is but still send it downstream, add a `return event` inside the event type handler statement.
```

> > but you'd still need to parte it dowstream, you may merely add  a 'return event', inside the event type handler statement.

Author: Removing the handler for a specific event type results in blocking the events of that type from arriving at their destination. In case an event type should not explicitly alter by an Insert Function, but you'd still need to send it downstream, you just need to add an event handler for that event type and include 'return event', inside the event type handler statement.

> > but you'd still need to parte it dowstream, you may merely add  a 'return event', inside the event type handler statement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
